Update custom indexer processor e2e doc (#21)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: docs/indexer/custom-processors/e2e-tutorial.md

```

Navigate to the coin flip directory:
```
cd aptos-indexer-processors
cd python/processors/coin_flip
```

Processors consume a stream of transactions from the Transaction Stream Service. In order to use the Labs-Hosted Transaction Stream Service you need an auth token. Follow [this guide](/indexer/txn-stream/labs-hosted#auth-tokens) to guide to get a token from Developer Portal. Make sure you create an API Key for `Testnet`, the Coin Flip transactions that are used on this tutorial are in `Testnet`. Once you're done, you should have a token that looks like this:
```
aptoslabs_yj4bocpaKy_Q6RBP4cdBmjA8T51hto1GcVX5ZS9S65dx
```

You also need the following tools:
- The [Aptos CLI](/tools/aptos-cli/install-cli)

> - Python 3.11+: [Installation Guide](https://docs.python-guide.org/starting/installation/#python-3-installation-guides).

Author: I believe should be 3.11. I had 3.9 before, and it didn't work :(

https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-indexer-processors/blob/main/.python-version#L1

## Configure your indexer processor

Now let's setup the configuration details for the actual indexer processor we're going to use.

### Setup your config.yaml file

Copy the contents below and save it to a file called `config.yaml`. Save it in the `coin_flip` folder. Your file directory structure should look something like this:

```
- aptos-indexer-processor
    - python
        - processors
            - aptos_ambassador_token
            - aptos-tontine
            - coin_flip
                - move
                    - sources
                        - coin_flip.move
                        - package_manager.move
                    - Move.toml
                - config.yaml     <-------- Create and edit this config.yaml file
                - models.py
                - processor.py
                - README.md
            - example_event_processor
            - nft_marketplace_v2
            - nft_orderbooks
            __init__.py
            main.py
            README.md
    - rust
    - scripts
    - typescript
```

> Once you have your config.yaml file open, you only need to update a certain fields

Reviewer: There's a hanging `a`

What are the certain fields?  Why do I want to update the certain fields?  I think it's a little unclear

```suggestion
Once you have your config.yaml file open, you only need to update certain fields
```

```yaml
server_config:
    processor_config: 
        type: "coin_flip"
    chain_id: 2
    indexer_grpc_data_service_address: "grpc.testnet.aptoslabs.com:443"
    auth_token: "<API-KEY>"
    postgres_connection_string: "postgresql://localhost:5432/<Database Name>"
    # Optional. Start processor at starting_version
    starting_version: 636585029
    # Optional. Stop processor after ending_version.
    ending_version: 636589723
```

### More customization with config.yaml

> However, if you'd like to customize things further, you can change some of the other fields.
> 
> If you'd like to start at a specific version, you can specify that in the config.yaml file with:

Reviewer: Here's another wordy but not particularly straightforward sentence.

```suggestion
You can customize additional configuration with the `config.yaml` file.

To start at a specific ledger version, you can specify the version in the `config.yaml` file with:
```

```yaml
starting_version: <Starting Version>
```

This is the transaction version the indexer starts looking for events at.

> The rows in table `next_versions_to_process` are the `indexer_name` as the primary key and the `next_version` to process field, along with the `updated_at`.

Reviewer: This sentence, needs some work.

What is it trying to convey? (the old sentence was bad too)

Are we describing how the table is laid out?

Could we say what everything is and what it means in separate sentences for each.  This right now says, there's rows, with things in them, and then there's more things, but without reason.

Perhaps

```suggestion
The table `next_versions_to_process` keeps track of the current state of indexing.  The primary key is the `indexer_name`.  The `next_version` field tells us what's the next transaction to process, and the `updated_at` time tells us the last time the indexer processed a transaction.
```

Author: Yep, looks like this sentence was in the doc previously (line 138).

You got it. It was try to describe the info (columns) in the new table `next_versions_to_process`

```yaml
ending_version: <Ending Version>
```

If you'd would like to see a list of all Coin Flip transactions, you can search them in the [Aptos Explorer](https://explorer.aptoslabs.com/?network=testnet). Search for account `0xe57752173bc7c57e9b61c84895a75e53cd7c0ef0855acd81d31cb39b0e87e1d0` - which is the account where the CoinFlip module deployed to. In the result, you will see a list of transactions along with their version numbers. You can use the version numbers to specify the `starting_version` and `ending_version` in the config.yaml file.

If you want to use a different network, change the `indexer_grpc_data_service_address` field to the corresponding desired value:

```yaml
grpc.devnet.aptoslabs.com:443
grpc.testnet.aptoslabs.com:443

> grpc.mainnet.aptoslabs.com:443

Reviewer: Does it need the `devnet: testnet: mainnet:` before each line?

Or at least a comment that says `#devnet` above each one

```yaml
starting_version: <Starting Version>
```

This is the transaction version the indexer starts looking for events at.

The table `next_versions_to_process` keeps track of the current state of indexing. The primary key is the `indexer_name`. The `next_version` field tells us what's the next transaction to process, and the `updated_at` time tells us the last time the indexer processed a transaction.

```yaml
ending_version: <Ending Version>
```

If you'd would like to see a list of all Coin Flip transactions, you can search them in the [Aptos Explorer](https://explorer.aptoslabs.com/?network=testnet). Search for account `0xe57752173bc7c57e9b61c84895a75e53cd7c0ef0855acd81d31cb39b0e87e1d0` - which is the account where the CoinFlip module deployed to. In the result, you will see a list of transactions along with their version numbers. You can use the version numbers to specify the `starting_version` and `ending_version` in the config.yaml file.

If you want to use a different network, change the `indexer_grpc_data_service_address` field to the corresponding desired value:

```yaml
devnet: grpc.devnet.aptoslabs.com:443
testnet: grpc.testnet.aptoslabs.com:443

> mainnet: grpc.mainnet.aptoslabs.com:443

Reviewer: Does this go in the yaml file as 

```
# Devnet
indexer_grpc_data_service_address: grpc.devnet.aptoslabs.com:443

# Testnet
indexer_grpc_data_service_address: grpc.testnet.aptoslabs.com:443

# Mainnet
indexer_grpc_data_service_address: grpc.mainnet.aptoslabs.com:443
```
